README.md, before:

# Frontend Skills Plugin

A Claude Code plugin for creating distinctive, production-grade frontend UIs that avoid generic "AI slop" aesthetics.

## Features

- **Distinctive typography** - Effective serif × sans-serif pairings
- **Custom color palettes** - Beyond default Tailwind colors
- **Asymmetric layouts** - 35/65 ratios, overlapping elements
- **Purposeful animations** - Focused on high-impact moments

## Demo

- Left: **Skills**
- Right: No Skills

**Prompt:**

![Prompt](assets/prompt.png)

**Result:**

![Demo](assets/demo.png)

## Installation

```bash
# Add marketplace
/plugin marketplace add oikon48/cc-frontend-skills

# Install plugin
/plugin install frontend-skills@cc-frontend-skills
```

## Usage

Simply make frontend-related requests and the design skill will be applied automatically:

```text
Create a landing page for my SaaS product
```

```text
Design a dashboard for a music streaming app
```

## Theme Examples

1. **Nordic Minimal** - Scandinavian warmth and serenity
2. **Neon Brutalism** - Cyberpunk × brutalist fusion
3. **Organic Growth** - Natural, organic shapes
4. **Tech Noir** - Dark-mode first tech aesthetic
5. **Editorial Elegance** - Magazine-inspired editorial design

## Resources

- [SKILL.md](skills/frontend-design-system/SKILL.md) - Design guidelines
- [themes.md](skills/frontend-design-system/themes.md) - Theme implementations
- [components.md](skills/frontend-design-system/components.md) - Component patterns

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add note about Claude Skills in README
Added a note about the Skills for demonstrating Claude Skills with Claude Code.

README.md, after:

# Frontend Skills Plugin

NOTE: **This Skills is for demonstrating Claude SKills with Claude Code.**

A Claude Code plugin for creating distinctive, production-grade frontend UIs that avoid generic "AI slop" aesthetics.

## Features

- **Distinctive typography** - Effective serif × sans-serif pairings
- **Custom color palettes** - Beyond default Tailwind colors
- **Asymmetric layouts** - 35/65 ratios, overlapping elements
- **Purposeful animations** - Focused on high-impact moments

## Demo

- Left: **Skills**
- Right: No Skills

**Prompt:**

![Prompt](assets/prompt.png)

**Result:**

![Demo](assets/demo.png)

## Installation

```bash
# Add marketplace
/plugin marketplace add oikon48/cc-frontend-skills

# Install plugin
/plugin install frontend-skills@cc-frontend-skills
```

## Usage

Simply make frontend-related requests and the design skill will be applied automatically:

```text
Create a landing page for my SaaS product
```

```text
Design a dashboard for a music streaming app
```

## Theme Examples

1. **Nordic Minimal** - Scandinavian warmth and serenity
2. **Neon Brutalism** - Cyberpunk × brutalist fusion
3. **Organic Growth** - Natural, organic shapes
4. **Tech Noir** - Dark-mode first tech aesthetic
5. **Editorial Elegance** - Magazine-inspired editorial design

## Resources

- [SKILL.md](skills/frontend-design-system/SKILL.md) - Design guidelines
- [themes.md](skills/frontend-design-system/themes.md) - Theme implementations
- [components.md](skills/frontend-design-system/components.md) - Component patterns

## License

MIT
